so that's about 20 degrees lizard-like
crazy last night
I'm gonna do a cold start video on the
truck this is my 93 ram charger that has
a Cummins diesel conversion first I'm
gonna show you what we did push ins
don't come down so cold-blooded they
don't heat up very fast also d
computerize the truck so get everything
I've got the grid haters on this switch
right here and what I do is turn that on
and watch the voltmeter dip like crazy
it's a momentary switch so I can't leave
it on there about 15 seconds or so I
have to wait to start light come on with
it turn that off and start her up
just like a supposed to hit the switch
again
a little more
heat smoothes down a little bit you
don't have to do it very long
oil pressures good the kicks out some
white smoke you headed again till it
leavings out but don't need no glow
plugs
I used Mobil 1 turbo diesel truck well
it's a 5w 40 I wanna ear around works
really good for the wintertime to get to
oil flowing as fast as possible try and
get some heat in the motor I'm gonna
warm up a little bit and we're gonna go
play around and that drift right there
so should be fun
fires right up every time having two
batteries is really nice because it's a
heater some added insurance it's going
to start so anyway back in a minute